# Purpose

Updates Styletron to V5 and edits style types. Previously to this change, `styled` calls were not
type checked. Removes usage of `$ref` now that Styletron has support for `ref` forwarding.

See the example below for how this change will affect your code. Type definitions of props passed to
components created with `styled` will be moved out of the style function, and to between `styled` and
arguments. View information of Flow Generics [here](https://flow.org/en/docs/types/generics/#toc-syntax-of-generics).
Theme no longer needs to be explictly typed in props. The `styled` function provides that.

```diff
import {styled} from 'baseui';

- type PropsT = {$active: boolean, $theme: ThemeT};
- const MyStyledComponent = styled('div', (props: PropsT) => {
-  return {
-    backgroundColor: props.$active ? props.$theme.colors.primary400 : props.$theme.colors.negative400,
-  };
- });

+ type PropsT = {$active: boolean};
+ const MyStyledComponent = styled<PropsT>('div', props => {
+  return {
+    backgroundColor: props.$active ? props.$theme.colors.primary400 : props.$theme.colors.negative400,
+  };
+ });
```

All usage of `$ref` has been removed. You can now move from `$ref` to `ref` and you will see a warning
in the console describing the change.

```diff
import {styled} from 'baseui';
const MyStyledComponent = styled('div', {color: 'red'});

- <MyStyledComponent $ref={myRef} />
+ <MyStyledComponent ref={myRef} />
```

## Accordion

- `SharedStylePropsT` type is removed. It duplicates the `SharedStylePropsArgT` type. Use
  that instead.

## Breadcrumbs

- `StyledIcon` component is removed. It was only wrapping an arrow icon. This logic was moved to the
  component itself.
- `StyledRootPropsT` and `StyledSeparatorT` types are removed. There are no style props passed to these
  components. Use an empty object type if they were imported in your code.

## Button Group

- `StylePropsT` type is removed. There are no style props passed. Use an empty object type if they
  were imported in your code.

## Button

- `getLoadingSpinnerColors`, `getBorderRadiiStyles`, `getFontStyles`, and `getPaddingStyles` are no
  longer exported. These are functions important for internal implementation, not meant to be used.

## Checkbox

- `$theme` prop is removed from `PropsT` type. The `$theme` is provided by the baseui `styled` function.
  There is no need to be concerned with it in consuming code.

## Datepicker

- `calculateBorderRadius` function is no longer exported. It is a utility function not meant to be used.

## Icon

- `StyledComponentParamsT` type is removed. Use `StyledComponentArgsT` instead.

## Icon

- `SharedStylePropsT` and `StyledComponentPropT` types are removed. Use `SharedStylePropsArgT` instead.

## Popover

- `SharedStylePropsT` type is removed. Use `StyledStyledPropsArgT` instead.

## Progress Steps

- `StyledProgressSteps`, `StyledNumberIconPropsT`, `StyledNumberContentTailPropsT`, `StyledNumberStepPropsT`, `StyledStepPropsT` types are removed. Use `StylePropsT` instead.

## Select

- `SharedStylePropsT` type is removed. Use `SharedStylePropsArgT` instead.

## Table

- `SharedStylePropsT` type is removed. There are no style props passed. Use an empty object type if it
  was imported in your code

## Tabs

- `SharedStylePropsT` type is removed. Use `SharedStylePropsArgT` instead.

## Tag

- `SharedPropsT` type is removed. Use `SharedPropsArgT` instead.

## Toast

- `SharedStylePropsT` type is removed. Use `SharedStylePropsArgT` instead.
- `ToasterSharedStylePropsT` type is removed. Use `ToasterSharedStylePropsArgT` instead.
