# v10

This document collects all of the breaking changes coming in v10 of Base Web.

## When?

We are planning to release v10 in September of 2020.

## What?

### `baseui/label`
- The `timePickerAriaLabel` prop will be deprecated in favor of `timePickerAriaLabel12Hour` or `timePickerAriaLabel24Hour`.

### `baseui/modal`
- The `Backdrop` override property will be deprecated in favor of `DialogContainer`.
- The `unstable_ModalBackdropScroll` prop will be removed and become the default behavior.
- The `autofocus` prop will be deprecated in favor of `autoFocus`.

### `baseui/phone-input`
- The design will be updated to split the dial code selector into a seperate control (`CountryPicker`). Available now as [`PhoneInputNext`](https://baseweb.design/components/phone-input/#updated-phone-input-design). In v10, `PhoneInputNext` will replace the current default implementation (`PhoneInput`).
- The `CountrySelect` component will be deprecated in favor of `CountryPicker`.

### `baseui/spinner`
- The design will be updated to use a fill without rounded corners. Available now as [`StyledSpinnerNext`](https://baseweb.design/components/spinner/#spinner-next). In v10, `StyledSpinnerNext` will replace the current default implementation (`Spinner`).

### `baseui/theme`
- The `zIndex` theme property will be deprecated in favor of the [`Layers`](https://baseweb.design/components/layer/) system.
- The `tooltip` theme property will be deprecated in favor of the `colors.tooltipBackground` and `colors.tooltipText` properties. [Further context](https://github.com/uber/baseweb/pull/1184).

### `baseui/accordion`
- The `renderPanelContent` prop will be deprecated in favor of [`renderAll`](https://baseweb.design/components/accordion/#accordion-seo-friendly).

### `baseui/checkbox`
- The `checkmarkType` prop will use [`STYLE_TYPE.toggle_round`](https://baseweb.design/components/checkbox/#as-a-toggle) as the default value.
- Unlabeled checkboxes will no longer receive padding on the right side. [Further context](https://github.com/uber/baseweb/pull/2172).

### `baseui/progress-bar`
- The `successValue` prop will be deprecated. The `value` prop should be normalized as though `successValue` were always set to `100`.

### `baseui/radio
- All overrides on the `RadioGroup` component will be deprecated except for `RadioGroupRoot`. Overrides should be passed to `Radio` children instead.

### `baseui/select`
- The `StyledSearchIcon` component will be deprecated in favor of `StyledSearchIconContainer`. [Further context](https://github.com/uber/baseweb/pull/2397).

### `baseui/typography`
- The older typography components will be deprecated in favor of the newer typography components. The older components already alias the newer components according to this mapping:
  - `Display` -> `DisplayLarge`
  - `Display1` -> `DisplayLarge`
  - `Display2` -> `DisplayMedium`
  - `Display3` -> `DisplaySmall`
  - `Display4` -> `DisplayXSmall`
  - `H1` -> `HeadingXXLarge`
  - `H2` -> `HeadingXLarge`
  - `H3` -> `HeadingLarge`
  - `H4` -> `HeadingMedium`
  - `H5` -> `HeadingSmall`
  - `H6` -> `HeadingXSmall`
  - `Paragraph1` -> `ParagraphLarge`
  - `Paragraph2` -> `ParagraphMedium`
  - `Paragraph3` -> `ParagraphSmall`
  - `Paragraph4` -> `ParagraphXSmall`
  - `Label1` -> `LabelLarge`
  - `Label2` -> `LabelMedium`
  - `Label3` -> `LabelSmall`
  - `Label4` -> `LabelXSmall`
